README.md, before:

Personal Goals
==============

Personal goals made open source for accessibility across computers I use, transparency, accountability, and versioning. Learn more about it [here](http://una.im/personal-goals-guide).

# Overarching Goals for 2017: [Make an Impact](http://una.im/2016-review/)
1. JavaScript
2. Be a Teacher
3. Stay Experimental
4. Publish a Book
5. Start Running Again

I'm also doing 5 25-Days Projects in 2017:

1. ⭕ Running
2. 🌀 Writing Letters
3. ✅ Mentorship
4. ✅ Dev Doodles
5. ✅ Meditation (23 consecutive)

# [Date Normally Goes Here]

### This Week's Focus: N/A

### Things I'll do This Week:

I haven't done this in a while, since I've moved to my bullet journal in September. However, you can look through the archive for ideas :) It's helped me for about 3 years!

### Things I'll Do in the Future:

- [ ] Read through all of Google's [Web Fundamentals](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/)
- [ ] Build something cool with Arduino
- [ ] Create my own, or work on helping build a cleaner JS presentation framework
- [ ] Create a typeface (hand-lettered monospace)
- [ ] Make an electron app
- [ ] Build a SlackBot (MyTime)
- [ ] Every Day App (Happy moments or X-Days Projects)
- [ ] Take this [online elecctronics class](http://www.instructables.com/class/Electronics-Class/)
- [ ] Finish [JavaScript 30](https://javascript30.com/)
- [ ] "Walk Me Through JS" Video Series
- [ ] Toolsday & Web Love stickers
- [x] Implement offline support for my blog
- [ ] Build an Offline Web App (Heiroglyph)
- [ ] Raise money for women in tech organizations
- [x] Read [Resilient Web Design](https://resilientwebdesign.com/)

Commit message:

Updated Readme to Christina's stuff
Not yet completed- still needs work.

README.md, after:

Personal Goals  (Christina needs to update with her own)
==============

Personal goals made open source for accessibility across computers I use, transparency, accountability, and versioning. Learn more about it [here](http://una.im/personal-goals-guide).

# Overarching Tech Goals for 2019-20:
1. Python
2. BI, Data Analysis & Visualization
3. DB & DB architecture
4. Start tutoring
5. Start blogging
6. Create my own website
7. Keep track of my practice and passion projects

I'm also doing 100 Days of Code (Python focus).

End goal: Become a paid Python developer with specilization in data analysis and visualization and bring a meaningful and actionable approach. 


9/3/2019

### This Week's Focus: Gather steam with 100 DOC & Python, learn Git & Git Hub and use them BOTH.

### Things I'll do This Week:
- [ ] Profitable Programmer Course
- [ ] Learn and use Git/ Git Hub
- [ ] Revist my old Coursera Python for Everybody course
- [ ] Revisit Python in Udacity
- [ ] Work throuh Python Crash Course
### Things I'll Do in the Future:  (Christina Update)

- [ ] Read through all of Google's [Web Fundamentals](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/)
- [ ] Build something cool with Arduino
- [ ] Create my own, or work on helping build a cleaner JS presentation framework
- [ ] Create a typeface (hand-lettered monospace)
- [ ] Make an electron app
- [ ] Build a SlackBot (MyTime)
- [ ] Every Day App (Happy moments or X-Days Projects)
- [ ] Take this [online elecctronics class](http://www.instructables.com/class/Electronics-Class/)
- [ ] Finish [JavaScript 30](https://javascript30.com/)
- [ ] "Walk Me Through JS" Video Series
- [ ] Toolsday & Web Love stickers
- [x] Implement offline support for my blog
- [ ] Build an Offline Web App (Heiroglyph)
- [ ] Raise money for women in tech organizations
- [x] Read [Resilient Web Design](https://resilientwebdesign.com/)
